Update guide-install.md (#3662)
larshp/abapGit: docs/guide-install.md

order: 10
---

## Summary ##

> abapGit exists in 2 flavours: _standalone_ version or _developper_ version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abapGit exists in 2 flavours: _standalone_ version or _developer_ version. 
```

>   * Standalone version is targeted at users. It consist of one (huge) program which contains all the needed code. You run standalone version in transaction `SE38`, executing the program you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The standalone version is targeted at users. It consist of one (huge) program which contains all the needed code. You run the standalone version in transaction `SE38`, executing the program you created.
```

>   * Developper version is targeted at developpers contributing to abapGit codebase. It consist of all the ABAP programs/classes/interfaces/etc. of the abapGit project. You run developer version with transaction `ZABAPGIT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The developer version is targeted at developers contributing to the abapGit codebase. It consists of all the ABAP programs/classes/interfaces/etc. of the abapGit project. You run the developer version with transaction `ZABAPGIT`.
```

## Prerequisites ##
abapGit requires SAP BASIS version 702 or higher.

## Install standalone version ##
1. Download the [ABAP code](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/abapGit/build/master/zabapgit.abap)(right click -> save-as) to a file. 

> 2. Via `SE38` or `SE80`, create a new report named `ZABAPGIT_STANDALONE` (formerly `ZABAPGIT_FULL`). NB: Don't user `ZABAPGIT` if you plan to install developper version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Via `SE38` or `SE80`, create a new report named `ZABAPGIT_STANDALONE` (formerly `ZABAPGIT_FULL`). NB: Don't use the name `ZABAPGIT` if you plan to install the developer version.
```

3. In source code change mode, upload the code from the file using Utilities -> More Utilities -> Upload/Download -> Upload
4. Activate

> Typically abapGit will only be used in the development system, so it can be installed in a local `$` package (eg: `$TMP` or `$ZABAPGIT`).

Reviewer: I wouln't suggest installing directly into $TMP.

> Typically abapGit will only be used in the development system, so it can be installed in a local `$` package (eg: `$TMP` or `$ZABAPGIT`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, abapGit will only be used in the development system, so it can be installed in a local `$` package (e.g.  `$ZABAPGIT`).
```
